this video was brought to you by game
anyone calm
okay I don't know exactly what I'm
supposed to know you know it's it's all
these stupid bramble pots around he's
not gonna want to hit when I wanna hit
Danis
snake huh up snakes gonna be gone in a
second good boss Nicky so long see you
later don't come back damn it oh this is
second one what the hell yeah come over
here over here run come on boom
I have two of these bastards to deal
with Allah this one's already lost his
snake up see you later
oh this one just lost his other thing
the lion part of it
that's cool
I only got one guy to go and then he's
dead
better than a motherfucker
Wow
alright screw you guys I hate you guys
I speared the one guy oh shit hot damn
it's what do you shooting at
damnit
all right this guy's gonna be down to
his last one as well I should have just
focused on one but oh well job will get
done one way or the other
I just take a little bit more damage
then I would have liked
like I should be almost dead anyway okay
I got ya see there it goes
snap off the horn and stab him through
his little head
my own buddy
ah
good skies now dead or will be shortly
once I rip off the horn and stab it in
the frickin head like so
and I will take the health or is this a
nope this is a health slash mana pot
I'll be taking the health because mana
won't save my life well it could also
what is this the secrets of some sort or
is this what I'm supposed to do that
opens a door
Oh gets rid of all the little
Walled protrusion protrusions corrosion
there we go something like that great a
freaking puzzle alright well then what
did this oh okay
this opened up the other another chain
well this ought to be dandy
how in the hell is this gonna work okay
since I actually can make it up to that
all right harpy fly me up fly me to
victory victory so is this thing just
like popping and I guess it does
now does that one pop in and out cuz I
don't want to fly over there and then
fall off of it like an idiot's okay
pushing that in does I have no idea
harpy come on mo here don't be shy I
don't even know where this wanted me to
freakin go okay so I now hit that gotta
get up there not fall off pressure is
mounting
turn that thing imma Bob which does
something
okay Kratos what was what was the point
of all this okay it opens a giant door
and save point since wow it's like
something Bad's going on over there
yes trophy would you let me save please
mine I know yours you know I'll forget
it and it popped up right as I walked
away let's let's find out what's in here
a phoenix feather a faux Enoch Sutter
okay now you're gonna let me say well
thanks thank you for being so kind and
and generous and letting me save at any
rate that's the end of that some editing
is gonna have to be done hopefully I
remember and that's about it